Admiral Frank Beardsley runs a tight
ship William what have you got there
Academy applications SAT forms and the
number of the girl two houses down
outstanding Helen North Sarge takes a
more relaxed approach homes are for free
expression not for good impressions
there are total opposites it was so
romantic I was up all night googling her
G Frank you cahoots some chick what do
you think it means
something dirty and a perfect match so I
asked her to marry me and I said yes
Ellen this is my crew it's like the life
Frank these are my kids total freak show
this Thanksgiving times
mom gets married we get drafted styles
are conflicting what are you doing it's
called decorate that's called vandalism
hey hey forget about it
he's cute but totally shallow again
maybe he is your type cultures are
clashing nothing says time to get out of
the bathroom like and the only thing
that can bring them together one hour
see together gonna be best friends is a
plan none of us likes this situation but
if we want out we gotta stop fighting
and get them to start to break their
parents apart as a clean ship is a happy
ship I knew you put them up to us so
what you think yes I think you actually
be somewhere else
Dennis Quaid Rene Russo just need one
more big thing to push them over the
edge
[Music]
yours mine and ours
everybody ready hi you've reached Frank
Helen Harry my Joanie
Phoebe wait Christina
[Applause]
you